[Design] [MG] Add anticipated and unlikely changes (#409)
arkinmodi/project-sayyara: docs/Design/SoftArchitecture/MG.tex

\begin{description}
	\item[\refstepcounter{ucnum} \uctheucnum \label{ucIO}:] Input/Output devices
		(Input: File and/or Keyboard, Output: File, Memory, and/or Screen).

> 	\item The application will be built-upon the NextJS framework

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	\item The application will be built-upon the Next.js framework
```

> 	\item The application will use Prisma for object-relation mapping (ORM)

Reviewer: Also could instead just add ORM to the "Abbreviations and Acronyms" table.
```suggestion
	\item The application will use Prisma for object-relational mapping (ORM)
```

Author: Added ORM to the table
